Add local channel (#1793)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: release-notes/unreleased/1793.feat.rst

> The :class:`QiskitRuntimeLocalService` was created to support a local
> testing mode. To avoid the user creating separately the class the "local"
> has been added to the valid :class:`QiskitRuntimeService` channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`QiskitRuntimeLocalService` was created to support a local
testing mode. To avoid having to initialize a separate class, "local"
has been added to the valid :class:`QiskitRuntimeService` channel.
```
